runbooks: Augment MimirQuerierAutoscalerNotActive runbook (#3186)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

  # Assuming KEDA is running in a dedicated namespace "keda":
  kubectl logs -n keda deployment/keda-operator-metrics-apiserver
  ```
- Check KEDA operator logs
  ```
  # Assuming KEDA is running in a dedicated namespace "keda":
  kubectl logs -n keda deployment/keda-operator
  ```

> - Check that Prometheus is running (since KEDA depends on it)

Reviewer: I would mention "by default" too, because you can override the metrics URL and you could even configure autoscaling to scrape metrics from Mimir itself.

```suggestion
- Check that Prometheus is running (since we configure KEDA to scrape custom metrics from it by default)
```
